LG|Lawful Good|Characters of Lawful Good alignment are typically paragons of good and justice. They tend to be honest, disciplined, and help those in need. Their actions are typically driven by a strong sense of honor and justice or religious devotion. They obey the law, so long as the law is just, and seek to improve and protect the lives of those around them when it is within their power.|Heaven--Erastil: God of Community and the Hunt|Iomedae: Goddess of Righteousness and Valor|Torag: Honorable god of the Forge--Archons: Celestial beings that embody the ideals of goodness and law|Angels: Noble, beautiful beings that represent all forms of Good
NG|Neutral Good|Characters of Neutral Good alignment are usually empathetic, compassionate, and altruistic. They seek to do good to the best of their abilities simply for the sake of doing good and improving the lives of others. They tend to value peace, and avoid instigating conflict when something could be resolved without bloodshed. They are not beholden to the law, nor do they oppose the organization that comes from a lawful society. They simply help others in the way that they see fit.|Nirvana--Saranrae: Goddess of the Sun, Redemption, and Healing|Shelyn: Goddess of Beauty, the Arts, and Love--Agathons: Wise, enlightened beings with animal characteristics that embody Goodness|Angels: Noble, beautiful beings that represent all forms of Good
CG|Chaotic Good|Characters of Chaotic Good alignment are typically kind-hearted, free-spirited individuals. They tend to perform kind, altruistic actions without any regard for what others think of them. Despite their good-inclined tendencies, they tend to find themselves at odds with society and its expectations. They are independent, rarely cooperating with others in an organized fashion, and are willing to take extreme personal risk to follow their own personal moral compass.|Elysium--Desna: goddess of Dreams, Travellers, and Luck|Cayden Cailean: God of Freedom, Bravery, and Alcohol--Azata: Good, independent celestials that value free-expression and creativity|Angels: Noble, beautiful beings that represent all forms of Good
LN|Lawful Neutral|Characters of Lawful Neutral alignment tend to value order above all else. Whether answering to an authority, or a personal moral code, these characters stick to what they, or society, believe is acceptable behavior. They are dutiful, disciplined individuals who are not biased towards helping or harming others, and typically follow the law regardless of its moral implication. A lawful neutral character often has a very structured view of the world, and may sometimes dogmatically enforce their ideals of justice and order to the point of near-Tyranny.|Axis--Abadar: God of Civilization, Law, and Wealth|Irori: God of Self-Perfection and Inner-Strength--Aeons: Cosmic enforcers of universal law and balance that work tirelessly to preserve the order of the multiverse.
N|True Neutral|Characters of True Neutral alignment typically do not take a moral or ethical stance, and the meaning of this alignment is highly dependent on the individual. They are not beholden to Law and Chaos, nor Good and Evil. A being that is non-sentient, and has no concept of Good and Evil, or Law or Chaos, may be considered Neutral. Someone who seeks a balanced existence, practicing moderation in all things, may also be considered neutral. Many gods and individuals who are strongly associated with nature are considered True Neutral.|The Boneyard--Gozreh: Dualistic Deity, being both a God of storms and goddess of the Ocean|Pharasma: Goddess of Souls, the final judge of all souls' resting place|Nethys: Mad god of Knowledge and Magic--Psychopomps: Servants of Pharasma, these beings help process and shepard souls to their final resting place.
CN|Chaotic Neutral|Characters of Chaotic Neutral alignment value their own personal freedom above all else. They live by their own rules, and do not typically go out of their way to help or harm others. Unpredictable, and often at odds with society, they live for whatever goals and purpose they have set for themselves, even if those goals change on a whim. |The Maelstrom--Gorum: God of Strength, War, and Chaos|Calistria: Goddess of Revenge and Lust--Proteans: Serpent-like beings of chaos that aim to return all reality to the chaos of the Maelstrom.
LE|Lawful Evil|Characters of Lawful Evil alignment are usually characters that know how to utilize the laws of the land or an organization to further their own agendas. Their methods lack compassion, and harming others in the name of acheiving one's ambitions is a more than acceptable consequence. Although their actions may be to the detriment of others, they still strictly adhere to laws, rules, or their own personal code of conduct. They may be motivated by anything from simple greed or sadism, to attempting to improve society in their own twisted  way. |Hell--Asmodeus: God of Tyrannical Law, Contracts, Pride, and Slavery. Ruler of Hell|Zon-Kuthon: God of Pain, Torture, and Darkness--Devils: Wicked beings that exist enforce the will of their lord, Asmodeus. Seek to enslave and corrupt souls to bolster the armies of Hell through contracts and promises of power.
NE|Neutral Evil|Characters of Neutral Evil alignment typically have no qualms about using immoral methods to achieve their desires. Pain, murder, and anguish are all simply tools in their arsenal to achieve their goals, as are the concepts of order or chaos. A Neutral Evil character will use whatever means at their disposal to satisfy whatever wants they have. They may even commit evil for the sake of evil, revelling in the suffering of others.|Abaddon--Norgorber: God of Murder, Thievery, and Secrets|Urgathoa: Goddess of Undeath, Disease, and Gluttony--Daemons: Fiends that seek the destruction of life itself. Hunt and devour any souls unlucky enough to cross their path
CE|Chaotic Evil|Characters of Chaotic Evil alignment do whatever they want to do at the time, with next to no regard as to how it affects others. They typically do not play well with others, and will go to extreme lengths to preserve their own personal freedoms. To a Chaotic Evil character, there is no one who matters more in the world than themselves and what they want. Often, the only way to control them is through vastly superior force. Death and destruction are naturally found in the wake of someone of this alignment.|The Abyss--Rovagug: God of Wrath, Disaster, and Destruction|Lamashtu: Goddess of Monsters, Madness, and Corruption--Demons: Fiendish, sadistic creatures that exist only to fulfill their own twisted, evil desires. Their appearance is determined by sins committed in their soul's mortal life.