GOVT|A genius inventor has come to your court claiming to have made a great discovery. By integrating this technology, your city's food production and potential for growth will greatly increase, but will cause many of your people to lose their jobs and way of life.|true
ACPT|The inventor quickly get to work spreading usage of their new discovery. Over the next few months, the city's food production more than doubled from a few implementations alone, causing the need for traditional farming to almost disappear. Deprived of their way of life, a group of angry farmers is lined up in front of your office, demanding your resignation.|false
TURN|For a time, the city was peaceful as the status quo was preserved. However, months later there was a large outbreak of illegal drug use in the city. This plant-based drug gives a very potent high, but is highly addictive and harmful to the user's long-term health. Upon further investigation, your city guard was able to find the source of the drugs, an operation run by none other than the inventor you turned away.|false
REBL|Incensed by your refusal to entertain the protestors, the remaining slighted townsfolk have banded together in a resistance. They have begun violently protesting in the streets, destroying property and catching many innocents in their wake.|false
TALK|The farmers' lives have been thrown into disarray by the new technology. They demand that the technology be outlawed. They are obstinate in their beliefs and explaining your reasoning for your decision will likely not achieve anything.|false
DRUG|Unregulated, the production of this drug becomes widespread in your city. Months later, an emissary from a neighboring city-state which has outlawed this substance arrives in your court. Your neighbor demands that you cease production of the drug immediately, as large quantities of the drug are being smuggled into their city from yours. Their attempts to stop the smuggling have failed, so they have come to stop it at the source.|false
CURB|The drug trade has been quelled in your city. Shortly after your decision to end the drug trade, group of citizens have come to your office concerned that you are regulating things too harshly, and come to ask that you loosen the regulations of recreational substances.|false
ETHL|As a result of your decisions, your city-state's economy boomed. Your city became defined by a bustling hive of trade as a result of integrating the new revolutionary technology. The displaced laborers that were unable to move from the city were left without work and many were forced into poverty. The technological advances made in your city put it leagues ahead of your neighbors, but at the cost of an increased rate of poverty as lower-level jobs disappeared.|false
ETHC|As a result of your decisions, your city-state's economy boomed. Your city became defined by a bustling hive of trade as a result of integrating the new revolutionary technology. Worker's protests, unregulated, continued on to cause a major political divide between those who benefited from the economic changes and those whose lives were changed for the worse. The technological advances made in your city put it leagues ahead of your neighbors, but at the cost of civil unrest.|false
ETKL|As a result of your decisions, your city-state's economy boomed. Your city became defined by a bustling hive of trade as a result of integrating the new revolutionary technology. After listening to your people's protests, you decided to maintain your decision. The technological advances made in your city put it leagues ahead of your neighbors, but at the cost of an increased rate of poverty as lower-level jobs disappeared.|false
ETKC|After a brief period of time trying out the new technology, you decided to reverse your previous decision. After the last instance of the technology was removed, the city returned to its original state of peace. The inventor whose new technology you decided to remove angrily left your city to find another patron.|false
ENEL|After a breakout of substance abuse in the city, you decided to allow the spread of the drug to continue. Your city gained a somewhat infamous reputation for allowing such a harmful substance to be produced and circulated, but your willingness to cooperate diplomatically with other city-states gained favor with the ruling parties of your neighbors. Your city continued to enjoy positive relations with the surrounding lands.|false
ENEC|After a breakout of substance abuse in the city, you decided to allow the spread of the drug to continue. Your city gained a somewhat infamous reputation for allowing such a harmful substance to be produced and circulated, and your lack of cooperation with neighboring city-states resulted in a tense relationship with the surrounding rulers. You gained a reputation as selfish, irresponsible ruler.|false
ECOL|After a breakout of substance abuse in the city, you decided to crack-down on the production of the harmful drug. In the face of opposition, you stood-fast and continued to regulate harmful substances. Your city grew on to become peaceful, if a bit stagnant and resistant to change, where the townsfolk knew better than to disrespect your authority.|false
ECOC|After a breakout of substance abuse in the city, you decided to crack-down on the production of the harmful drug. However, faced with opposition from your people, you chose to lift regulation on substances. Your people were grateful for the increased freedoms, and knew you as a ruler that would listen to the wants of the people. Use of the drug increased, but those who suffered because of it were generally understood as those who had brought it upon themselves.|false